Delete duplicate in formation in performance section on product/index… (#11424)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/index.mdx

- Sentry helps you discover and act on [**trends**](/product/performance/trends/) before they become a bigger problem by surfacing transactions whose performance has changed significantly over time.

> - Sentry provides insights to help you monitor your app's performance in various categories, including web vitals, mobile vitals, queries, HTTP requests, and more. You can drill into event samples to investigate variations in performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sentry provides insights to help you monitor your app's performance. This includes web vitals, mobile vitals, queries, HTTP requests, and more. You can drill into event samples to investigate variations in performance.
```
